Get single milestone (#400)
47degrees/github4s: docs/docs/issue.md

See [the API doc](https://developer.github.com/v3/issues/milestones/#create-a-milestone) for full reference.

[milestone-scala]: https://github.com/47degrees/github4s/blob/master/github4s/src/main/scala/github4s/domain/Milestone.scala

### Get a single milestone

You can also get a single milestone of a repository through `getMilestone`; it takes as arguments:

> - `number`: The milestone number.

Reviewer: `number` is after `repo`, isn't it?

Author: Yes, 👍

- `owner`: name of the owner for which we want to retrieve the milestones.
- `repo`: name of the repository for which we want to retrieve the milestones.
- `header`: headers to include in the request, optional.

>  The milestone for owner `47deg` and repository `github4s`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 To get milestone number 3254 for owner `47deg` and repository `github4s`:
```
